perf: redwood release support (#55)
eduNEXT/eox-hooks: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v6.3.0](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-hooks/compare/v6.2.0...v6.3.0) - (2024-07-24)

### Changed

> - **Redwood Support**: Upgrade requirements base on edx-platform redwood

Reviewer: Could we add an entry for the integration tests and another for Redwood support in the changelog? You can follow the format used in this example: https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L8-L20

Author: @magajh Thanks for the feedback

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v6.3.0](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-hooks/compare/v6.2.0...v6.3.0) - (2024-07-24)

### Added

- **Integration Tests**: A new GitHub workflow has been added to run
  integration tests. These tests validate backend imports and ensure the
  `/eox-info` endpoint functions correctly.

### Changed

> - **Redwood Support**: Upgrade requirements base on edx-platform redwood

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Redwood Support**: Updated requirements based on the edx-platform Redwood release. Updated GitHub workflows to support Python 3.10 and 3.11, and revised integration tests to use the new Redwood release with Tutor.
```
